DS-678 Components overview (#4556)
coveo/react-vapor: packages/llms/src/components/ComponentsOverview.md

---
name: Components
description: Complete list of Plasma design system components, grouped by function with library origin.
---

# Components

> Components are the building blocks of the Coveo Administration Console UI. Most are based on Mantine. Some are Plasma-specific. Prefer importing from `@coveord/plasma-mantine` when available; some entries listed here may be patterns or Mantine add-ons that are not exported by Plasma.

Author: @GermainBergeron

> Components are the building blocks of the Coveo Administration Console UI. Most are based on Mantine. Some are Plasma-specific. Prefer importing from `@coveord/plasma-mantine` when available; some entries listed here may be patterns or Mantine add-ons that are not exported by Plasma.

Author: ```suggestion
Components are the building blocks of the Coveo Administration Console UI. Most are based on Mantine. Some are Plasma-specific. All are imported from `@coveord/plasma-mantine`.

This categorization differs from the official Mantine documentation structure: https://mantine.dev/core/package/
```
